uhmm
Okay, so continuing with...evict ef...
Oh, if you were able to choose one of the dangerous places in Middle Earth to live, where would you choose?
Yeah, a dangerous place.
So, I think the, one of the most safest places is Isengard.
Isengard. It's kind of dangerous, but like... but...
Oh, uh I don't know.
Oh, I guess.
Eve- everything is a mirror.
Don't live in Nùmenor, don't live in Nùmenor.
You'll be a tea. You'll be a tea person.
I guess.
Yup.
Everything's flat. It's so flat in your face uh like...
They'll have to make horse crossings eventually. Yes, horse.
Oh, I don't know, maybe after the war. But I...
I was talking more like kind of dangerous place, like Morgoth.
Yeah. Morgoth.... don't Gondor.
But actually No, it won't be there after the war.
Woodland.
Yeah.
I guess.
Yeah, like the place I'm about to guess. There's a lot of mushrooms.
Yeah.
Oh, If you were to live in Woodland, Woodland Kingdom.
Yeah. I guess. No. Yeah, about the...
I guess.
They're not as wise.
But then in some parts, they're actually less vital than dwarves.
They got no batteries.
Oh, favorite scene from Lord of the rings.
Uh....
I guess maybe from the book I like the...
In Moria. Moria, where they come like the
bad little inside the chamber thing. In the book. I like that one.
Yeah.
That's my favorite book. Yeah, it's very well written.
What's your favorite scene?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Aahhh...
Yeah, that takes me a bit far.
yeah
Yeah. Yeah, they really did it.
Yeah. They really did it.
And then they defeat... And then they defeat all the bad guys. Yeah.
Like they're, like they're the strong warriors from far away land.
yeah
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's a, there's a legendary warriors at the end.
They start out listening to the legendary warriors and at the end they are the legendary warriors.
Yeah.
Oh, Faramir?
Oh, Yeah, yea, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, like... and they send it eventually like one night one night.
Small scene, like five seconds long.
Yeah... They had...
yeah
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, they are kind, they're kind of sidetracked after all.
yeah
Yeah.
Yeah. I guess.
What?
Ooh, favorite romance.
Aahhh...